THE CURRENT SITUATION (A):
Last week we intented to be done with the communication functionality and the saving post functionality, however 
we changed our mind and decided to work on the sorting of the posts functionality and being able to edit and delete
posts. 

We have completed 1 of the 3 user stories we wanted to be done with. The other 2 user stotries are almost done aswell.
We not have the posibility to sort posts on diffrent cirteria. We improved the search function aswell. 
The code which handels the sorting functionality remains to be reviwed. The code that handels the deleting and editing of the 
posts are still in progress. 
One thing that we need to improve is code documentation so it is easier to understand how everything works.




B:

At the end of the next week we want to have better code documentation. We also want to get the unfinished 
user stories for week 4 done. Furthermore we want to get 2 additional user stories done. These will be user story
"As a student I want to contact other students" and "As a student I want to save my posts". 

A->B:

To reach this goal we will try to finish our user stories under the to-do list on the trello
board. This includes the user stories: 
1. As a student I want to be shown recent postings and my favorites on the landing page after logging 
in so I can easily browse posts
2. As a student I want to contact other students for planning the purchase to be able to more easily buy the book




Customer Value and scope:
To succeed in this goal we will focus on teamwork and split up the tasks on the user stories
explicitly. To do this in a good way, we've split all user stories in to tasks and made effort
estimations for them through planning poker. This helped us decide how many team members are
needed for each user story.

Before mergeing any code we have decided that the code will be reviewed and tested by someone
other than the team members working on that user story.

The KPI we will use to monitor the team members individual progress will be hours worked.
We will also use a KPI to monitor the team's progress. This is gonna be number of user stories
done per sprint.


Social contract and effort:
We aim for the individual KPI of two hours worked per sprint per individual. We aim for the team 
KPI of two user stories done per sprint.

This week was more challenging than last. We were unable to get all the user stories done due bugs and errors in the
code that we didn't know how to solve. We tried to help each other but to due lack of time we couldn't. 

Our solution to this problem:
1. Do another user story instead when stuck
2. Have an emergency appointment 

During the supervision session with Pontus we discussed that maybe our KPI is not sufficient. He meant that
maybe someone can get a user story done in 1 hour but another person in the group needs 4 hours to 
get the same user story done. He suggested that we should update our KPI to take this into consideration. 
However, when we discussed this in the group we are satisfied with our KPI regarding the minimum of 2 hours per
person and we trust each other that everyone follow that rule. We always work toghether as a group so we can hold 
each other accountable to put in the minimum effort required. 



Design decisions and product structure:
We've chosen to do this project in C# with the framework ASP.NET Core. We chose this as we 
felt it's a good framework to easily start working with where a lot of the tedious ground-work
is done. This allows us to earlier start working on the functionality for the end-users and
thus providing more value for the time spent.

We've also decided on a SQL database, this is because a lot of the data is relational, for 
example a user has favorite posts. 

Furthermore, we've decided on the MVC design pattern to effectively separate concerns in the
application. This will help us work in a module way. In addition to this we've created use
cases and interaction diagrams to further streamline the work experience.



Application of Scrum:
The following roles we've used are: Scrum master, Product owner, a meeting organizer.
These roles allowed us to have someone take charge in the meetings and sprint reviews and
making sure that we move forward in those (Scrum master). The product owner (PO) role allows us
to deliver something of value each sprint. We have no external PO so we have on of the team
members act as one. The sprint review with the PO resulted in a re-prioritasion of the user
stories as well as some additional ones.

For our IDE we used Jetbrains Rider for all group members, Github for version control and 
Trello for a scrum board. To learn these tools we consult eachother first. If there is still
something that can't be done after that, we turn to online resources.  