Individual Reflections week 7

For this week we did the usual meeting of briefing the team of the completed tasks.
Though we mainly use the trello board to get a good overview of the team's gathered effort,
it surely contributed to the team's spirit when discussing.
The chat function was completed which had a good impact on the value of our project.
The user story for the add favorites-features was also completed.
Ermin informed us that he did some clean up in the code, because he had very good
overview of our project’s structure. Some of us did the same for the methods that we had created in the project.
We had also commented on the code as was a criteria in our updated DoD.

The user story for today's sprint was distributed among the team members, the landing page and
the ability to upload images to the post was planned to be completed in this week's sprint.

Negin and I took on the upload image user story and planned a meeting on Tuesday to work on the code.
We had both watched some tutorials on how to complete the task, though we ran into some problems
regarding the functionality that would cause fragility in our code base. Regarding the
agile aspect of it, we could in a reasonable amount of time deliver the expected functionality,
though it would cause us some technical debt. This was a nice experience in how we discussed
the different outcomes and how it could give the best value to the project.
We stated that, we should try a pretty basic approach on the problem so as we could
deliver some functionality, though we would gather more information about the topic along the sprint if the 
time would allow.

On our meeting on thursday we discussed about the final presentation and how we would divide the
tasks among the group. Some would work on the presentation and some would work on the
final team report. We would later looked on the final work together to see if anyone
could add anything more.
The other thing we discussed was that we ran into some problems regarding the merge of the
branches for the chat function and the favorite funcion. Ermin briefed us on different functionality
of the website that didn't work anymore. To start debugging, the team members responsible for their
respective user story group up in order to effectively find the source of the bug.

After the meeting, the girls and I assembled to find out the bug. We manage eventually to find the source
of the problem; it was caused by a collision in the code when the chat function was implemented.
We would later have to inform the rest of the team in order to fix this as best as possible with
the agile aspect of it. This is because we want to deliver as much value to the customer as possible.

Later this Sunday, Negin and I manage to finish the code for making users be able to upload images
to their posts. What remains to be done is to write the documentation of the code.

For next week, starting Monday, Negin and I will finish the documentation after our scheduled meeting.
Furthermore the team will start working on some improvement of the code to make it more manageable. Later
on we will start looking at the final representation and what needs to be done. For my part I
will try to contribute as much as possible to my team with suggestions and ideas I have gathered along this
weeks sprint that will help us make a good delivery for our final report and presentation.
