Individual Reflections week 6.

At the start of this week's meeting, we briefed about last week's progress. 
In contrast to the other weeks we did encounter some problems among the tasks that some of the team members had. 
Some user stories were not finished at the end of the sprint, so we had to come up with some ideas among 
the team to prevent further similar problems in our projects. We agreed on a very simple yet quite 
effective way, which was to have so called emergency meetings. Thanks to the already existing and 
eminent communication in our group, the execution for this way of approaching the problem was easily done. 
It would help to ease the mind of our team members in the future of our project.
Another way of dealing with the previously mentioned problem was to change the user story, 
that was currently in progress, to another one.This would in term help the team to not get stuck with the 
development and switch focus to another task in order to progress in the project. 
This would of course have to be in line with the current work flow and structure and not 
prohibit further development for other team members. Yet again, an emergency meeting would likely 
intercept possible problems that would have to be taken care of first, in order to switch user stories.
This could be boiled down to updating and changing our DoD, which we later did.

The user stories that I assigned myself were the stories that had not yet been completed. 
With some collective knowledge from tutorials that I watched the previous week, I believed to 
have some of the tools needed in order to resolve the problems that my team members had encountered. 
During the week we managed to finish the edit and delete function together and I shared some of my 
knowledge from the previous tutorials on how to solve similar problems. This was an effective way to 
contribute both to my team and my team’s deliveries.

With this completed user stories the team started to comment on our code as we decided that it was a necessary step. 
(This was later updated criteria in our DoD that the code needs to be completely and correctly commented).
Me and my team planned to further take us on a new user story since we were able to finish the 
previous task  pretty quickly. The user story was to be able to add a favorite post. 
We planned to work on the code on Thursday after the usually scheduled meeting the very same day.

So the situation right now where I want to be is to be able to finish this user story 
before the end of this week's sprint. To get there is to use the same approach as last time, 
watching tutorials and testing out some ideas in the code. This while simultaneously sharing my current progress, 
interacting and code together with my team members in order to complete the task at hand.  
Should an exigency occur, we now have better tools to handle it.
